[Music]
first up today let's talk about the
international war that you don't even
know about right now that is the war big
boobs
i don't know that's it at the center of
this war fighting the battle today you
have billy island
[Music]
it's very dehumanized i lost 100 000
followers just because of the boom
people are scared of big boots remember
duck tales like i would not come over we
would not have been friends come on we
would have had to stay by the bell on i
you know
it's just so dumb that anyone i mean any
any
woman in the spotlight is already under
a tremendous amount of pressure i mean
the internet is gross and awful and i
hate it
um but she especially for some reason i
don't know if it's because
she's so young and it just feels so
inappropriate for anyone to comment on
any young person's body ever i just
touch your boobs
roll that back i didn't see that
rule it back
roll it back
oh
[Applause]
and i know i mentioned in like my my
tweet or whatever that i looked just
like i mean i looked exactly like that
when i was her age and it's just i had a
horrible time
it's okay to admit to yourself
this is a virtue
i don't have
it's okay
to look at a situation and think through
what would a more virtuous person have
done
how would a more virtuous person have
reacted
then think about what particular virtue
it was that you were lacking
admit yourself
i have some virtues
and not others
and this this happens to be a virtue i
lack but you know what else
this analytical process
can lead you
to consider the option of practicing
particular virtues that you lack and you
know if you try it out
you might decide hey this is just not
for me it's not going to work
but you might find that you change you
might find that actually those virtues
can become more familiar it can become
more easy for you to practice in
difficult situations under pressure
when you've put in the time and effort
when you've tried it out for yourself
but it all begins
with recognizing what virtues you've got
and which ones maybe are unfamiliar to
you
whether that is through
lack of practice or something that is
just in your nature
a lot of video games i played when i was
growing up as a kid would give you about
four options on screen you know some
some situation arises in the video game
some calamity some challenge you know
and there are kind of four options a b c
d for you to fee to choose from a menu
you know
with a lot of these things in life one
of the options we don't talk about
we don't think about or maybe we don't
think about enough because we don't have
one word for it in the english language
is to just be happy for others
you know
i wish we had one word for that in
english because even even the adjective
happy isn't quite
suitable
uh your best friend
from grade school
fell in love with and is now engaged to
be married to a guy
who you had a crush on through all of
high school but you never told him
what are you gonna do you might think
there are only three options but a
fourth one another option that's on the
list that's on the menu is to just be
happy for them can't you just be happy
for her can't you
maybe you can't
maybe that's something lacking in you
you really got to examine and really got
to think about and philosophize about
maybe try to practice and if you decide
it's not for you if you decide you can't
do it it's not in your nature or you're
just terrible at it or something
you got to think about what you're going
to do instead you're going to have to
come up with a new strategy you're going
to have to come up with a new way of
being a human being and relating to
other human beings can't you
just
be happy for them it's not easy
and i see this
on a massive scale now on the
internet yeah sometimes it's about
things that are
tremendously shallow
maybe because people
are not ashamed
to exhibit their jealousy
about shallow things
and
maybe it's more difficult for them to be
honest or go public when it's about
something more profound okay
billy eilish
she's made a huge amount of money become
very famous
performing what i would consider
absolutely terrible music but every year
somebody somewhere
is going to make a fortune performing
terrible music
okay can't you can't you just be happy
for her
i'm happy for
if i met her face to face in real life i
wouldn't lie and say that i like her
music i wouldn't lie and say i like i
appreciate your music how would you say
i'm happy for you i'm happy for you that
this word i'm happy that you
you know you're that one person in a
million who performs this horrible music
and gets to gets to live there gets to
live their dream
right
billy eilish has
enormous breasts
and we're going to see this huge array
of reactions on the internet including
interestingly
other women with enormous breasts
who seem to feel oppressed by society
and are like imposing this onto billy
eilish and claiming that she like
symbolizes
their sense of oppression as women with
unusually large breasts and of course
there's this other kind of
discourse of resentment from
flat-chested and small-breasted women
i guess they feel disadvantaged perhaps
not oppressed in a world that's obsessed
with with large breaths you know
not all of the reactions are of jealousy
and envy
and some of the reactions are just of a
kind of peculiar sneering contempt some
of the reactions are from people where i
think i think their their point is not
that she's unattractive
i think there are people complaining
that she is not attractive enough
to have her position of kind of unearned
fame like the expectation is that she
ought to present herself like beyonce
and either actually be as attractive as
beyonce or some other icon of both
beauty and the performing arts that she
ought to be living up to the standard of
being a legend a myth um not just in
terms of her vocal performances but in
terms of you know they have an
expectation formed by
not just a few but dozens of other women
who have played this role publicly and
have uh projected a certain kind of
glamour and beauty regardless of how
they might look
when they're not wearing makeup or
whether they're not making a public
appearance or they're not wearing an
evening gown you know this is sort of
failed expectation that she should be
more beautiful than she is or or be made
to appear more beautiful than she is
through a conspiracy of
fashion designers and photographers and
retouching and
flattering angles and what have you
right so this whole range
of reactions
and i wish we had just one word
in english for this this sense of can't
you be happy for her there's an option
on the menu there option number four is
just be happy for her and i know that
word happy is misleading you're not
gonna be like wow i'm i'm so glad that
this other person is living out this
dream that i had i didn't get to live
you're not going to be delighted you're
not going to be delighted like oh yeah
my best friend from primary school is
now getting married to that guy
i used to want to get married too in
high school and i never like i i get it
i get it that you're not going to be
glowing with enthusiasm the type
of happiness we're talking about here is
that it's a kind of subtle appreciation
you know that guy you had a crush on in
high school somebody was going to marry
him somebody
all right it just it just happened to be
her it just happened to that girl you
knew from so can't you be happy for her
would you be happy or if it were beyonce
would you be happier for a complete
stranger who married that guy
why so just be happy for right somebody
was gonna make a million dollars this
year playing this ludicrous pop music
fame game right but it happened to be
you
even if i think it's completely
undeserved right even if i don't think
you married it or would it i can still
be happy for you even if even if my
opinion is because i listen to rap music
that there are thousands of more
talented rappers who upload their music
to soundcloud and datpiff.com and they
don't get the recognition i feel they
should more they should be they're more
deserving of this money and fame
that's profoundly irrelevant there's an
option on the menu here
can't you be happy for her okay
the other controversy
uh
surrounding
uh billy eilish
is the extent to which she does or
doesn't represent a positive voice
within veganism
a positive voice for veganism all right
and on some level
we all know
billy eilish is 18 years old
and she's not an
intellectual can't you just be happy for
her
like
seriously she has somehow
stumbled into this veganism thing
and you know
she may be the worst vegan in the world
i'm happy that she stumbled into it
there may be a lot of things that she's
doing wrong i hope she figures them out
one by one there are a lot of things she
hasn't thought through where she doesn't
have the most philosophical angle on i
hope that in the years to come
she recognizes those things and thinks
them through and becomes wiser and a
better voice for veganism and just a
more articulate voice for herself
frankly she's obviously someone who
struggles a great deal with giving
interviews or public speaking
yeah
criticism is an option
anger outrage disappointment is an
option disappointment right
do you not think it's possible
that the reason why
option number four doesn't come up here
in your mind you not think it's possible
that you're thinking on some level
this was a dream you had that you wanted
to be the voice for vegan activism and
you think you could do
better at it just like a whole lot of
people on the internet they wanted to be
the next beyonce they wanted to be the
next famous singer
and they have this sense of resentment
that she's not doing it right that they
could have done better there's this
sense of resentment that you could have
seduced and fallen in love with that guy
you had a crush on in high school but
some other girl got him and said do you
not
think there's a kind of undertow
and
your problem is that you can't feel
happy for others
because part of you still wishes that
you could take their place